# Official Aurora Coding Style Guide

This style of coding applies to all Aurora Engine based Java applications. <br>
This is currently a draft being put together for the first time.


***

## 1. Top of Class commenting:

* *Title* is the **Name of the Class**
* *Description* of the entire class, what it does, how it interacts with other classes etc.
* Below *dotted lines* add **name of contributors** to project.

        /**
         * .------------------------------------------------------------------------.
         * | DashboardLogic
         * .------------------------------------------------------------------------.
         * |
         * |
         * | This Class is the Logic component of the Dashboard Screen. Its instanced
         * | In DashboardUI.
         * |
         * | This class is supposed to handle all of the Long Processing of UI or
         * | Actions generated by the Handler. Reusable processing and long logic
         * | methods should go here.
         * |
         * .........................................................................
         *
         * @author Sammy Guergachi <sguergachi at gmail.com>
         * 
         */

## 2. Commenting Class Variables

Make a multiline comment above each variable decleration <br>
Just one simple sentence explaining what the variable is used for. <br>
**Note**: Only **1** space in between each variable and the attached comment.

    /**
     * Size Constant.
     */
    private int infoFeedHeight;

    /**
     * Size Constant.
     */
    private int bottomPaneHeightAdjust;

    /**
     * Size Constant.
     */
    private int topPaneHeighAdjust;

    /**
     * Size Constant.
     */
    private int topHeight;


## 3. Constructors

* *Title* is **Class name** with parameter **Type** in paranthesis
* *Description* includes what parameters are needed and what the constructor initializes
* Bellow *dotted lines* add the **parameter** name and Type


        /**
         * .-----------------------------------------------------------------------.
         * | DashboardLogic(DashboardUI)
         * .-----------------------------------------------------------------------.
         * |
         * | This is the Constructor of the Dashboard Logic class.
         * |
         * | The DashboardUI is required to make adjustments to the UI from the
         * | logic.
         * | The storage will be extracted from DashboardUI and initialized
         * | here.
         * | CoreUI will also be internally initialized here and extracted
         * | from DashboardUI.
         * |
         * | NOTE: for Logic to work you must use the set(HandlerDashboardHandler)
         * | method for the logic to be able to attach some handlers to UI
         * | elements
         * .........................................................................
         *
         * @param dashboardUi DashboardUI
         *
         */

## 4. Inline commenting

For imporant comments regarding code behaviour use

        //* Code Comment Here *//

For unimportant side notes use
        
        // Not important code here


## 5. Code Segmenting

To split code visually into sections use the following method.<br>

**Note**: must be cappital, must have 3 bars at the end, not 2 not 4. <br>
**Note**: must be **2** blank line after each section and at least **1** inbetween each section seperator

        //----------------------------SECTION NAME--------------------------------//

                                /* Start typing code here */

        //---------------------------------|||------------------------------------//


        //---------------------------SECTION 2 NAME-------------------------------//
        
                                     /* Etc. */

        //---------------------------------|||------------------------------------//


